# ReactInWebFormsDemo
Demo VB webforms project (representing legacy tech) demonstrating an integration of React code onto a webform page.

This codebase serves as an example of incrementally adopting React into a very legacy application (hence VB webforms) to enrich the user interface.

## Installations

* `npm`
* `.NET` - You could use .NET Core, but you would need to change the target framework for the app.

I also recommend running this in Visual Studio 2019 Community on Win10 or Mac.

## Tour

The demo code actually exists in only a few areas of the application. The React code itself lives in the `client` directory, which has a familiar structure as far as React applications go. Note that the React code was **not** generated by `npx create-react-app client`. It was built up from scratch. 

The bulk of the configuration can be found in `webpack.config.js`, which spits out an `app.bundle.js` a webform could reference. As long as the webform (in this case, `React.aspx`) has a `<div id="app">` element and references that bundled JS file, React will function appropriately on that webform. **NOTE**: The webpack config file's `devServer` object enables `npm run dev` to write to the disk rather than to memory, meaning your webform should still be able to locate the `app.bundle.js` file even in development.

The vbproj file also saw some customization. Of note is the build scripts, which include `npm i` and `npm run production` during the build process. This was added so devs unfamiliar with running code outside the VS ecosystem can simply F5 or click Start in VS - per usual - and the app will still function normally. That being said, I highly recommend having VSCode open in `client` running `npm run dev` while you work on the React codebase, as opposed to constantly rerunning the entire Solution.
